the endgame of this version of the MCU
is upon us which means we're cramming 11
years and 21 movies into one video but
instead of tackling the MCU movie by
movie because honestly you don't need to
hear Thor summarized it's New Mexico
there's a robot we've all seen it let's
do this a little differently character
by character who they are where they
came from what happened to them in
infinity war and whether or not they got
snapped in the you know the snap I am
not calling it the decimation too late
Feige it's the snap and you're stuck
with let's start with the very first
Avenger Captain America as very first
scene in Captain America the First
Avenger its World War two and Steve
Rogers a scrawny but determined kid from
Brooklyn dreams of serving his country
Steve's all-around wholesomeness
qualifies him to be given a Super
Soldier Serum to become Captain America
a science experiment slash mascot to aid
the war effort cap is kept out of combat
until he hears that his best friend
James Bucky Barnes has been captured and
decides to rescue him cap is assisted by
industrialist Howard Stark who helped
develop the serum and British agent
Peggy Carter Rodgers finds and rescues
Bucky I thought you did you're smaller
and discovers technology powered by a
very mysterious extremely powerful
object called the tesseract the tech is
being developed by the villainous Red
Skull the head of Hydra a sinister group
even more bent on world domination than
the Nazis hail Hydra
that's pretty evil on a mission to
defeat Hydra
Bucky appears to fall to his death from
a speeding train Steve is haunted by his
failure to save his friend
I can't get drunk did you later Steve
commandeer is a plane loaded with
weapons on its way to the US he defeats
the Red Skull who disappears into a
tesseract generated portal but with no
way to land the plane safely cap crashes
it in the Arctic breaking the date he
promised Peggy you're gonna need a rain
check on that dance all right with Steve
presumed dead
Peggy goes on to become one of the
founding members of shield a covert
agency designed to protect the Earth
from the worst scum of the oh wait no
that that's the men in black
however after seven decades on ice cap
is found and woken up by shield and its
current director Nick Fury you've been
asleep cap the tesseract has reemerged
and cap agrees to help shield find it
and defeat it hydras secret weapon this
mission leads to the formation of a
super team of heroes called the Avengers
which Captain America becomes the de
facto leader of later Steve goes to work
for fury and shield full-time this is
also when he meets in befriends former
Air Force and pararescue air man Sam
Wilson who will later strap on wings to
become the Falcon also around this time
he records a series of PSAs and fitness
challenge videos which will be shown to
high school kids for years to come so
you got detention plus cap finally
builds up the courage to visit his old
flame Peggy Carter now a very old woman
who's suffering from dementia it turns
out that Hydra has had agents embedded
in shield for decades and cap faces off
against hydras top assassin the Winter
Soldier who's actually you'll never
guess okay
it's Bucky who was recovered in the 40s
and brainwashed by Hydra to become an
amnesia ridden cryogenic hitman cap and
Bucky have a brutal fight but Steve is
able to reawaken his best friend's
humanity
he's James Buchanan boy job Bucky
disappears and sadly Peggy Carter dies
in her sleep and Steve is a pallbearer
at her funeral rest in peace agent
Carter and also TV's agent Carter
soon after the government tries to force
all superheroes to register as
government agents Steve disagrees we may
not be perfectly safe his hands are
still our own this sets him at odds with
many of the other Avengers following a
terrorist attack in Vienna which is
orchestrated by a venture hater Helmut
Zemo but blamed on the Winter Soldier
The Avengers square off and have a big
ol fight what is the name for that thing
we're like people from the same team
fight one another I don't know things go
from bad to worse when it's revealed
that a brainwashed Bucky killed Howard
Stark something that really doesn't sit
well with fellow Avenger and Howard's
son Tony Stark cap and Tony have a huge
fight resulting in cap literally
throwing down his shield
Bucky heads to the high-tech African
nation of Wakanda where they have the
medical technology to undo his mental
programming and cap goes into hiding
with the other heroes who stood against
the government with him waiting for the
next challenge let's go from the first
avenger to the latest one Captain Marvel
and no not all the Avengers are captains
just these two back in the 90s Carol
Danvers was a skilled fighter pilot for
the US Air Force unwittingly working
with an alien Crean aimed Marvel Carol
is injured when a tesseract fuelled
experimental engine explodes infusing
her with superpowers but also wiping her
memory Carol is recovered by the Kree
and trained as a member of star force
basically creased Special Forces
eventually she winds up back on earth to
fight a shape-shifting species called
the scrolls alongside a young CIA
operative turned SHIELD agent named Nick
Fury you're in the
Brown it's hard to explain eventually
Carol fury and Gustav lurkin who is not
a cat find the tesseract and Carroll
learns that the Cree who she thought
were her friends have actually been
manipulating her and the scrolls who she
thought were her enemies are actually
innocent beings looking for a home
Captain Marvel goes super Sayan on some
Cree then decides to venture out into
space and save more scrolls but leaves
fury with the beeper that he can use to
call her whenever he really really
SuperDuper seriously needs help I wonder
if that will ever come back into play
[Music]
working with Captain Marvel gave Nick
Fury his first brush with aliens
including Gustav lurkin who again only
looks like a cat but is responsible for
his infamous eye injury this encounter
with intelligent alien life and a
glimpse at the awesome powers out there
in the Marvel cosmos give fury the
inspiration to start the Avengers
initiative she's just the beginning
gathering together people with
extraordinary abilities who could
respond if the earth was ever in
jeopardy from Supernatural or
intergalactic threats then for a long
time nothing huge happens that we know
of fury rises to the level of shield
director and vastly expands the agency
scope over a decade later shield
co-founder Howard Starks son Tony
reveals to the world that he's a
superhero named Iron Man
I am Iron Man and Fury recruits him to
join the Avengers I'm here to talk to
you about the Avenger initiative and
don't forget fury also helps to reawaken
Captain America you've been a sweet cap
it turns out that the timing is
impeccable because rogue Asgardian Loki
uses the tesseract that thing again to
open a portal to deep space allowing
aliens known as the Chitauri to attack
New York on mass fortunately Fury's
newly-formed Avengers are able to close
the wormhole and end the threat
following the Battle of New York fury
starts work on project insight and
collaboration with world's security
councilmember Alexander Pierce when the
neutralize a lot of threats before they
even happen unfortunately turns out that
Pierce is secretly a member of Hydra I
hate when that happens after a death
fake-out fury helps to foil Pierce's
plans and take down shield and Hydra
then goes covertly to Europe to find and
expose more
hide your cells since then Fury's been
around but more in the background than
the guy pulling the strings I'm not the
director of anybody just an old man it's
also important to point out two very
important shield agents who have worked
under Fury agent Maria Hill and agent
Phil Coulson Hill is known for being
furious right-hand woman and Coulson is
known for helping to assemble the
Avengers the team dying in the Avengers
the movie and being resurrected on
televisions agents of shield which
features no Avengers enough of these
boring heroes let's talk about the guy
who put this whole Avengers storyline in
motion Thanos Thanos is an extremely
powerful purple muscular bald thick what
was I saying oh yes
Thanos is an extremely powerful alien
from the ruined planet of Titan watching
his planet crumble he became convinced
that the only way to save the universe
was to kill half of all living creatures
to protect the finite number of
resources available at first Stannis
pursued this little experiment by
conquering worlds himself killing half
of the population at random but
eventually he realized he'd never be
able to kill enough people manually so
he decided to round up six immensely
powerful gems called
Infinity stones elemental objects that
control things like space time and
reality
thanassis plan involves putting them all
into a lovely little gauntlet so he can
wield their combined power and make his
wildest mass-murder dreams come true
with a literal snap of his fingers at
first famous tasks subordinates with
rounding up the stones but they proved
either incompetent or untrustworthy so
he decided to take care of it himself
we'll catch up with Thanos when we recap
infinity war but first more heroes let's
move on to Nick Fury's first on-screen
Avenger recruit Tony Stark aka Iron Man
when we first meet Tony he's running the
weapons a technology company that his
father Howard Stark founded Stark
Industries
Tony's assisted by an AI system of his
own design named Jarvis how refreshing
it is to finally see what a video
with his bodyguard happy Hogan and his
faithful assistant Pepper Potts I do
anything and everything that mr. stark
requires including occasionally of
taking out the trash Starks liaison with
the government is US Air Force officer
James Rhodey Rhodes while in Afghanistan
to demonstrate his latest weapon to top
military brass Starks convoy gets
attacked embedding shrapnel in his chest
while in captivity Tony and a scientist
named ho yinsen build a device called an
arc reactor to keep the shrapnel from
reaching Tony's heart bonus the reactor
can also power a super suit that allows
him to become Iron Man after escaping
Tony vows to stop selling weapons
focusing instead on refining arc reactor
technology and his multiple suits but
because he's a compulsive egotist he
also takes a public victory lap I am
Iron Man this public display puts him on
Nick Fury's radar to become an Avenger
I'm here to talk to you about the
Avenger in issue and the ensuing years
Iron Man continues doing hero work
keeping him so busy that Tony names
pepper his replacement as CEO Stark
Industries yeah done deal Rhodey also
gets a suit with even more weaponry and
his dubbed war machine oh yeah and Don
Cheadle takes over the part of Rhodey
and Iron Man to somebody else had it
yesterday after some serious PTSD
following a near-death experience during
the Battle of New York Tony acknowledges
his love for pepper and has surgery to
finally remove the shrapnel pieces from
his heart during a mission to destroy a
hidden Hydra base Tony sees a chilling
vision of the Avengers possible future
during an early encounter with a mutant
I mean a miracle named Wanda Maximoff
terrified by what he's seen and the
threats that continue to face the
Avengers
Tony creates artificial intelligence
software which he calls Ultron designed
to protect the planet
sadly Ultron goes full James Spader
decides to wipe out humanity instead
Ultron plans to upload himself into an
indestructible synthetic body powered by
an infinity stone but instead Tony puts
Jarvis in there creating an entirely new
being vision altogether the Avengers
defeat Ultron at the Battle of sokovia
but at great cost the violence and chaos
make the public scared of the Avengers
and superheroes in general prompting
United Nations to issue the sokovia
accords this new law would put the
Avengers under the control of the United
Nations Toni agrees to sign we need we
put in check but as we mentioned before
Captain America doesn't that
disagreement coupled with the revelation
that caps friend Bucky killed Tony's
parents creates a rift in the Avengers
that still hasn't been fully resolved
after the big superhero Throwdown cap
gets away while Tony assumes control of
Earth's Mightiest Heroes are you Tony
dank an Avenger who made her first
appearance in Iron Man 2 is natasha
romanoff better known as Black Widow
Natasha was recruited at a young age by
the KGB and underwent extreme training
to become one of the world's greatest
spies and assassins eventually recruited
by shield we first meet her undercover
at Stark Industries as a young executive
named Natalie rushman there to gauge
whether or not Shield should recruit
Iron Man to join the Avengers once the
Avengers have actually assembled NAT
teams up on several missions with
Captain America when Hydra successfully
takes over shield Black Widow uploads
all of shield and hydras classified
files to the internet revealing their
crimes to the world this also reveals
all of her personal secrets requiring
her to go undercover and create a new
identity I blew all my covers I gotta go
figure
after a little will they won't they with
fellow Avenger Bruce Banner mr. window
did we nat returns to the team with
captain america to lead the new avengers
where she ultimately sides against Tony
in the Avengers Civil War we must be her
to shoot double agent thingy and then
goes underground
Natasha's on-again off-again squeeze
Bruce Banner is a man of many faces back
when he was still Edward Norton Bruce
was accidentally exposed to a massive
amount of gamma radiation causing him to
transform into the green Hulk when he
gets angry and Norton's subsequent
search for a cure to Hulk ISM leads him
into a clash with the abominable Emil
Blonsky on the streets of Harlem but
let's skip ahead black widow tracks down
Bruce a year later now that he's Mark
Ruffalo working as a doctor in India she
convinces him to come back to the US and
help track down the tesseract
once back home banner bonds with Tony
over their shared love of science your
work on antielectron collisions is
unparalleled
and I'm a huge fan of the way you lose
control and turn into an enormous green
rage monster and helps him save New York
from the Chitauri while revealing his
Hulk controlling secret amazing he also
takes part in shields assault against
Hydra bases helps Tony design the Ultron
program and then helps the Avengers
defeat Ultron once it turns out that
this was all a really bad idea around
this time is when Bruce gets a lot
closer with Natasha Romanoff hey big guy
Suns getting real low but they don't
ever actually get together he got
totally Hulk blocked sorry
don't turn green Banner grows despondent
about his monstrous alter ego and
following the Battle of sokovia decides
not to return to his friends taking
advantage of some time alone in the
Avengers quinn jet hulk takes off
literally he leaves earth behind
eventually flying into a wormhole and
landing on the remote planet of Sekar
there Hulk becomes a famous gladiator
fighting for the pleasure of a
mysterious Jeff Goldblum II being known
as Grandmaster he remains in this Hulk
form this entire time and it almost
seems like his Bruce Banner side is
going to disappear completely Oh burn
our only hope that is until his old pal
and fellow Avenger Thor pulls banner out
by playing a recording of Natasha forum
that's so sweet
and they make their escape from Sekar re
Hulk Bruce winds up alongside Thor and a
number of Asgardian refugees on a big
spaceship and everything seems like it's
gonna work out okay until another
massive ship shows up captained by a
mysterious beat it's Thanos let's learn
more about Hulk's new BFF Thor Odinson
is the god of thunder and Odin's son
hailing from the realm of Asgard Thor
starts out as kind of an asshat you
oughta bein greedy but after being
banished to Earth by his father and
stripped of his powers he eventually
proves himself gets them back and joins
the Avengers Thor and his brother Loki
have a falling-out which results in Loki
literally falling out of Asgard and
landing on earth where he wields the
power of the tesseract to attack earth
on Thanos's orders it doesn't end well
for him after New York Thor defeats a
dark elf named Malekith and joins the
fight against Ultron Thor also begins to
have visions involving both the Infinity
stones and the eventual destruction of
Asgard following the Battle of sokovia
he leaves The Avengers and earth to
scour the galaxy for the remaining
Infinity stones you think you could find
out what's coming I do he doesn't find
it didn't find any following Odin's
death Thor's long-lost sister holo shows
up and smashes his super-powered hammer
mjolnir I mean let us get ready we
weren't ready defeated Thor is captured
by badass warrior Valkyrie on the
planets a car delivered to the
Grandmaster and set up as a gladiator
and that's where he runs into his old
friend the Hulk we know each other he's
a friend from work and decides to bust
out of there joining him are a rock
monster named Korg made of rooks as you
can see but don't get that intimidate
sheep and insect named meek the
Internet's Tessa Thompson Franks and
Loki who's swinging more toward the love
in his love/hate brotherly relationship
with Thor they all escapes a car and
return to Asgard which they promptly
allow searcher the fire demon to destroy
in order to defeat hella Thor his crew
and the surviving as Guardians leave
aboard a spaceship which is soon
confronted by a mysterious
yet Stannis
the first Thor movie also introduced
perhaps the most grounded Avenger
Hawkeye Hawkeye begins as one of shields
top agents who's also like really good
at shooting arrows for fighting an army
of robots and I have a bow and arrow
hawkeye real name clint barton is also
responsible for recruiting Black Widow
and bringing her to the good side
resulting in a close non-romantic bond
between them during the Avengers fight
against Ultron in need of a place to
regroup and recover the team visits
Clint's farm where he reveals to his
friends for the first time that he has a
wife and kids desert Mulla regions after
Ultron is defeated Clint retires from
avenging but during the sokovia courts
controversy he joins cap side cabinet
service Clint is also a part of the
group that gets arrested and sent to
super prison after the big Throwdown at
an airport in Germany but Captain
America breaks him out at which point
Hawkeye and fellow Avenger ant-man take
government deals allowing them to serve
out the remainder of their sentences
under house arrest now we don't know for
sure what happens after that but based
on Clint's haunted expression and the
end game trailers it seems like a safe
bet that some of that family got snapped
the Maximoff twins keep popping up so
let's put a bow on those two Wanda
Maximoff The Scarlet Witch and Pietro
Maximoff Quicksilver grew up in the
Eastern European country of sokovia
following an attack on their home
perpetrated using stark weaponry the two
were orphaned looking for revenge they
agreed to undergo Hydra experiments this
is the age miracles don't wanda received
a combination of powers the ability to
read people's minds and put them in
trances the ability to move objects with
her mind and the power to generate and
manipulate energy beams pho became fast
that's it you didn't see that's coming
following the Avengers raided the
facility where they were created Wanda
and Pietro are recruited by Ultron you
will tear them apart
from the enzyme after a while it's
pretty clear that this ultron guy is
nuts
could you so the Maximoff switch sides
and join team avengers the twins are
very opposed to the creation of an
Ultron killing sentient Android called
vision you're saying but they're
overruled once Thor memorably brings the
Avenger to life with a lightning bolt
and gives him a name I've had a vision
setting disagreements aside they all
team up to save the world from Ultron's
BOTS but Pietro dies heroically in the
battle because Joss Whedon wrote that
movie and it's the law that someone must
die heroically in a Joss Whedon project
about one year after the showdown with
Ultron scarlet witch's in Lagos and
along with Captain America accidentally
contributes to an explosion that costs a
number of innocent lives
this incident along with the massive
battle against Ultron leads to the
creation of the sokovia accords the
mandate requiring superheroes to
register as government agents
Wanda plays ball and stays at Avengers
HQ under the watchful eye of vision they
bond over some poorly made paprikash in
my defense I i haven't actually ever
eaten anything before ultimately Hawkeye
shows up and the two of them ditch
vision and head for Germany Wanda more
than holds her own in the big Airport
showdown but vision is distracted by his
concern for her I'm sorry which
contributes to him accidentally hitting
war machine mid-flight causing him to
fall and break his back resulting in
partial paralysis Wanda is arrested but
set free by cap and goes into hiding and
she had vision totally have a thing
going on across the universe is another
super team we need to talk about the
guardians of the galaxy let's quickly
tackle these one at a time shall we
Peter quill also known as star-lord
because that's what his mommy used to
call him little star was born on earth
and for a long time thought that he was
a full-blooded 100 percent natural human
but while mom was an earthling his
father ego was an ancient and powerful
being known as a celestial space pirate
yondu was hired to reunite Peter with
his dad but he basically adopted Peter
instead and raised him to also be a
space pirate or as they call it in space
a Ravager fellow guardian Gamora
also lost her parents when Thanos
invaded her world and decimated the
planet's population but spared Gamora
and adopted her as his daughter not as
much as her adopted sister nebula who
was forced to fight Gamora growing up
constantly losing and also forced to
undergo brutal cybernetic enhancements
you were the one who wanted to win and I
just wanted a sister Guardian Drax his
homeworld met a similar fate to gamora's
troops led by the cruel Kree soldier
Ronan the accuser under the direction of
Thanos invaded his planet and killed
half the population you killed my wife
you killed my daughter so he committed
himself to a single-minded quest for
revenge against both Ronan and Thanos
and that's basically all you need to
know I have famously huge turds all
right yes he he has famously huge turds
moving on to rocket who is a genetically
enhanced raccoon looking creature ain't
no thing like me said me rocket is a
technological genius as well as an
expert pilot marksman and military
tactician cybernetically engineered to
be a douchebag years of painful
experiments have also made him angry
distrusting and generally misanthropic
he works as a mercenary alongside Groot
a living tree who only speaks the phrase
I am Groot are the guardians originally
come together in a long quest to get an
infinity stone the power stone you what
yondu was hired to obtain but the
Guardians bigger problem is that Ronan
the accuser is also looking for the
power stone on behalf of Thanos
naturally it certainly looks like Ronan
has one until quill manages to take hold
of the Infinity stone with his bare
hands he's surprised but you shouldn't
be because I already told you that he's
half celestial using the power of the
stone quill kills Ronan and puts it back
in it's orb for safety and the process
Groot sacrifices himself for the group
in the big final battle
[Music]
but they're able to plant a part of him
and grow a new baby Groot Peter quill
and Gamora also totally have a thing for
each other that they are really afraid
to admit guardians the galaxy vol 2 is
short on long-term mythology but we do
get lots of setup for a character named
Adam warlock
via a race known as the sovereign that
my child is the next step in our
evolution the way Marvel does things
don't be shocked if he pops up somewhere
soon I think I should call him otherwise
the guardians meet the empath mantis
who's initially working for Peter's dad
ego if they touch someone don't spoil
their feelings Peters reunited with his
pops which he's initially psyched about
but ego turns out to be pretty much a
psychopath and when Peter learns that
ego is responsible for the death of his
mother he kills his dad right back also
Peter and Gamora confirmed their
feelings for each other Oh also also
nebula and Gamora work out their
differences and nebula leaves to go kill
thanos on her own
oh and yondu dies he was Mary Poppins oh
let's knock out the few remaining
Avengers starting with ant-man
Scott Lang was an electrical engineer
and family man who ended up going to
jail for noble reasons but still jail
that's where he befriended his cellmate
the a storyteller Lewis who was released
from prison one year before Scott after
his release from prison Scott is
recruited by inventor Hank Pym and his
daughter hope Van Dyne to keep their
technology from falling into the wrong
hands she doesn't think that we need you
we don't through the use of nonsense
known as Pym particles Hank has created
the ant-man suit which can shrink
someone down very very small or as will
soon discover grow someone up very very
big also Hank and hope have technology
that allow them to control ants because
sure Hank and his wife Janet Van Dyne
used to work for shield doing superhero
duty as the original ant-man and wasp on
a mission Janet shrunk to subatomic size
and became lost in the mysterious
quantum realm where space and time lose
all meaning in the aftermath of her
sacrifice Hank quit being ant-man and
left shield eventually Scott masters
using the ant-man suit
he beats Hanks rival from worker what
and eventually hope joins him as the
wasp Scott is recruited to join Captain
America's team during civil war this is
awesome which is where we first learned
that he can grow super big but at great
physical cost
he's briefly imprisoned at the raft but
ultimately ends up getting sentenced to
house arrest and probation Hank and hope
are furious with him for stealing their
suit for a team-up film and not even a
central role who's a matter of national
security the cap needed helps but they
get over it quickly because they need
Scott's help getting Janet back from the
quantum realm their plan works and Janet
returns home one of the MCS newest
heroes is Black Panther real name
T'Challa born in the African nation of
Wakanda which hides itself away from the
rest of the world to protect the
incredible technology developed from
mining the Wonder material vibranium
T'Challa is the son of a Condon King to
Chaka and here's the thing about being
king of Wakanda you also get to be the
superhero Black Panther this means you
ingest a heart-shaped herb which gives
you a variety of powers including
enhanced speed healing and strength not
to mention an indestructible vibranium
suit
T'Challa becomes the new Black Panther
when his father is killed and the
terrorist attack in Vienna you know the
one that Helmut Zemo pulled off the
plane the Winter Soldier now king of
Wakanda we meet two challahs confidants
including a co a the dedicated extremely
intimidating and occasionally wig
throwing head of two challahs personal
guard the door Milosh a Plus this
wakandan spy and T'Challa sometime
girlfriend Nakia and the leader of
Wakanda is isolationist mountain tribe -
Jabari boom Baku the queue to T'Challa
James Bond is his sister technical whiz
kid and genius shirring Black Panther
goes on a few missions including
tracking down vibranium thief Ulysses
Klaw before being challenged for his
throne by a cousin he didn't even know
about Erik kill monger ultimately -
Chawla wins the throne and defeats his
cousin before welcoming Bucky Barnes the
Winter Soldier to Wakanda for
reprogramming
okay marble largely skipped this
spider-man's origin so we will to meet
Peter Parker an ordinary kid from Queens
who if fan theories are to be believed
once visited the stark Expo in an Iron
Man helmet later as a teenager he gets
bitten by a radioactive spider and
acquires superhuman powers Peter decides
to use this powers for good and goes
viral on YouTube as New York's latest
superhero this piques the curiosity of
Tony Stark who tracks Peter down makes
him a fancy new Stark industry suit and
recruits him to come to Germany and
fight Captain America Peter does well
and goes back to High School where his
crushes dad turns out to be the
supervillain vulture whoops
Tony exchange is probably advice with
Peter if you're nothing without this
shoot then you shouldn't have who
eventually discovers that the real super
suit was inside himself all along after
Peter takes down vulture Tony invites
Peter to join The Avengers full-time but
he turns it down because he knows he
needs more time to be a kid Tony
pretends like it was a test it was not a
test and now to the Avenger who spoiled
the title for this Avengers movie last
year
no not Mark Ruffalo we're in the end
game when we first meet dr. Stephen
strange he's a selfish arrogant surgeon
who's involved in a horrific car
accident that renders him unable to work
with his hands his search for a cure
leads him to a fictional Asian but also
Tilda Swinton is there place called
kamar Taj rather than worry about his
hands the ancient one instead trains dr.
strange in the mystic arts the doc also
learned some humility and compassion
which is very helpful because he is
supposed to be a good guy he's not
strange becomes the protector of the eye
of agamotto a relic that houses the time
stone it gives him the ability to
manipulate time and aids him in
defeating the apocalyptic being Dormammu
who resides in the dark dimension and
tries to take over earth along with his
fellow sorcerers including his most
trusted colleague Wong strange is also
tasked with protecting New York sanctum
one of three bases for Earth's Masters
of the mystic arts oh and he has a cloak
that's almost definitely a sentient
being Wow
you were seriously loyal piece
so last year all of these major
characters collided in the last last
Avengers movie infinity war how did we
get where we are let's recap shall we
alton space thor ship of refugees has
been decimated but the god of thunder
manages to survive fan OSes onslaught
loki isn't so lucky and has his neck
snapped by the mad Titan I mean we think
that guy has a strange ability to keep
dying and coming back but this seems
pretty bad Thanos kicks Hulk's ass but
before he can deliver a killing blow the
powerful Asgardian Heimdall uses the
last bit of his power before dying to
blast Hulk through space to earth Thor
is thrown out into deep space and left
for dead but he's rescued by the
guardians of the galaxy star-lord
doesn't like him very much
not taking our pod today sir but rocket
and Groot take to him right away at this
point the team splits up Thor goes with
rocket and a now teenage Groot to
nineveh Lear the dying star axe Factory
which is also my favorite David Bowie
album and oh boy does family-sized
tyrion lanister deliverer making him a
new power axe named storm breaker but
only after Thor takes the full force of
a star meanwhile quill Gamora Drax and
mantis try to stop the nose from getting
the reality stone but he's already
snagged it Thanos gets away with Gamora
straight-up humiliating the Guardians
together Samus and Gamora go to the
planet vermeer to retrieve another
infinity stone the soul stone which
requires Thanos to sacrifice something
he truly loves which ends up being his
daughter Gamora Soga more is dead but on
the upside we finally found out where
the Red Skull has been hanging out all
these years back on earth Bruce crash
lands in New York and warns Tony and dr.
strange about the coming of Thanos
Thanos is coming it doesn't matter who
you're talking to or not but you know
way too late for them to actually do
anything to prepare Bruce tries to help
out during the space wizard fight in New
York but for whatever reason the Hulk
refuses to come out and smash
this remains a significant issue for
Bruce throughout the entirety of
infinity war tony exchanges quips with
Thanos his henchmen evany maw get lost
Woodward who still manages to kidnap dr.
strange and his precious time stone Tony
and spider-man stow away into space
take out ebony maw and commandeer the
ship for themselves the plan is to fly
the planet tightened the home of Thanos
and take the fight to him
Thanos has been inside my head for six
years since he sent an army to New York
and now he's back after getting heads-up
from Bruce Banner cap Black Widow and
Falcon find vision and Wanda who are
having a secret lovers getaway in
Scotland
Thanos sends some goons to snatch the
Infinity stone out of vision's head but
our heroes fight them off and escape
from there they all head to Avengers HQ
in upstate New York Bruce and Natasha
have a super awkward reunion yeah I'm
back hi Bruce and then it's on to
Wakanda where Steve and Bucky are
reunited and it feels so good the plan
is to use super genius Sheree and
wakanda's technology to remove the
Infinity stone from visions head without
killing him then have Wanda use her
powers to destroy the stone and thwart
Thanos sadly Tony Stark's words from the
first Avengers movie come back to haunt
them not great plan Thanos his army
arrives before Shuri can complete the
procedure over on Titan Tony Spidey and
Doctor Strange are joined by star-lord
Drax and mantis are you yawning while
waiting for Thanos Strange uses the time
stone to view in advance all of the
possible outcomes of the showdown seeing
14 million six hundred and five
potential timelines spoiler alert he
concludes that there is only one
timeline that ends with fan OSes defeat
when the big purple fella does arrive
they all gang up on them and nearly get
the Infinity Gauntlet but in the midst
of the skirmish star-lord figures out
what happened to Gamora he angrily
lashes out in a crucial moment breaking
mantises mental link with the not very
jolly purple giant and pretty much loses
the battle for the team not pretty much
entirely curse you prat you adorable
bunk head what's the good guys have lost
Doctor Strange makes a key decision he
trades stano's the
time stone for Tony Stark's life Thanos
expresses and begrudging respect for
Tony hope to remember then heads to
earth to finish operations snap my
fingers and get the last Infinity stone
that's bad news for the Avengers who
already have their hands full with
Thanos army of Venom's until Thor Groot
and Rocket teleport in and start to turn
the tide
but Thanos himself turns up to get the
stone he needs which is planted deep in
visions noggin cap puts up a good fight
and Scarlet Witch does use her powers to
destroy the mine stone and vision before
Thanos can claim it but Fanus uses the
time stone to undo all her hard work and
completes his quest Thor takes one last
shot at Thanos but regrettably he aims a
bit too low and the big guy is able to
get a good snap off killing half of all
living creatures in the universe bummer
in Wakanda we see Bucky Scarlet Witch
Groot black panther and Falcon
disintegrate on Titan Guardians quill
mantis and Drax all vanish and Tony
holds a frightened Peter Parker as the
boy disintegrates right before he also
dusts dr. strange tells Tony that this
was the only way indicating that maybe
this is what happened on that one in 14
million timeline where they win
hopefully on the West Coast Scott Lang
has chosen a very inconvenient time to
return to the quantum realm to retrieve
more quantum things Hank
Janet and hope all get dusted leaving
Scott trapped in an insidious
cliffhanger that hopefully endgame will
resolve it has to right I've seen the
trailers and elsewhere both Nick Fury
and Maria hill are on the dusting block
but fury uses his special beeper to call
in help from Captain Marvel mere moments
before turning to ash on Titan only Tony
and thanassis cybernetically enhanced
adopted daughter nebula remain in
Wakanda Bruce Banner Captain America war
machine Black Widow mbaku Ocoee Thor and
rocket are left stunned and on the
Thanos ranch
the big guy retires to grow his space
crops and
smile wistfully into the distance but
there's one character who we haven't
mentioned who may hold the key to all of
this and that character is Stanley
though it initially appeared that
legendary Marvel Comics writer and
editor Stanley was just having a great
time making cameos and all the MCU
movies guardians to confirmed that he is
actually a cosmic being known as The
Watcher informant he lives out various
lives throughout space and time and then
relates his adventures to an ancient
godlike alien race known as the Watchers
who monitor and watch over the universe
and it's been confirmed that Stanley
slashed the watcher informant will
return to make one last observation in
endgame ah guys Oh Jean and there's one
other character that I'm sure we need
that last revelation to finally settle
the debate on Ivan Vanko --zz bird we
all know that Ivan Vanko also known as
the villain whiplash blew himself up at
the end of Iron Man 2 but his bird
didn't and I'm not talking about his old
bird I mean his new bird the one that
Justin Hammer got him not the one back
in Russia that would still in the
possession of hammer industries but
who's been caring for that new bird and
more importantly did it survive the snap
we need these answers and we need you to
keep watching these videos so we can
keep making them that's a recap of
Avengers leading into ingame we'll see
you next time
[Music]